[MUSIC]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So now we're gonna
look over some functions that you may or
may not have seen before, and kind of
identify the parts of these functions.
So we have four of them.
Some of them I took from jQuery.
Has anyone here done jQuery before?
Okay, cool.
So a lot of people have done jQuery.
So the first thing is
the function definition, so
where do we see some functions defined?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So let's just go
in a line, let's start with the front,
this way.
>> Speaker 2: At the top
there's an anonymous function
assigned to nameImprover.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, so
we're defining a function here.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And then, Rich?
>> Rich: We're looking for
where we're assigning functions?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Where
we're defining functions.
>> Rich: We're defining functions?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: It could be assigned
a variable, it could be anonymous.
>> Rich: And not being,
the body height not down there.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Right there,
that's our next one.
We're defining a function there,
and it has no name.
That's okay.
>> Rich: That one doesn't have a name?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yep, there's no name.
>> Rich: It's just passing.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
it's a function definition.
It's also an argument.
Yeah.
And who sees the last one, Tanner?
>> Tanner: There's a function and
you click there.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Right here,
function definition.
So these are the function
definitions in this code.
And just for
clarification nameImprover function
is this handy function that we use.
I it for when our friends have babies or
they have names that need to be improved.
('body').hide() is a jQuery thing
that's just gonna hide the body.
So if I just did, goes to here.
Wait, is there even jQuery?
Yes.
No there's not jQuery.
Let's see if it works.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool, so it does work.
So, body dot hide, will just hide it,
and then dot show will show it.
And then array.forEach,
forEach is a native iteration method,
it's gonna just loop over the array and
call this function a bunch of times.
And then button on click is another
jQuery functionality, and
it's just adding an event listener,
so whenever you click on the button
it's going to counsel log this.
This, don't press my buttons.
So that's just an explanation of what
functions we're looking at right now.
Cool.
And so what about function names?
And I use name a little bit loosely.
I refer to both as the function,
the name function as well as a variable
that has a function stored at.
So let's talk about,
where do we see function names?
So can we start with just Grace,
and we'll just keep going, so
you can anticipate when
you have to go next?
>> Grace: I don't see a name.
>> Grace: Forward function?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, so like here,
for example, would be a name.
>> Grace: Okay.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm.
>> Grace: That's the name for
the function versus the variable.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
well, it's variable.
I'm using name here loosely to mean both
the variable name that it's stored at and
the name itself.
Yeah, cuz there's another way.
We could write function like this,
function nameStaySame.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
this is another one.
This is just a really
complicated algorithm that
will just keep your name
the same versus this other one.
That will change your name and
make it better.
This is another way to name our function.
>> Speaker 3: Is that the same as
the first decoration of a function where,
in the sense that you're adding
[COUGH] in front of it versus
adding it to the global,
I don't know if that make sense.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So when we name-
>> Speaker 3: So
you never wanna do that one that
you just did the stay name.
I don't know.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: You
could do it this way.
The only thing about doing it this
way is that your function name and
definition is hoisted, and
that can be, it can get messy.
>> Speaker 3: Yeah.
[COUGH]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So, it can get messy,
so I would just recommend
that you always just use
this one cuz you know that the rules for
variable hoists in things are the same and
you don't have to keep track of this and-
>> Speaker 3: [COUGH] Okay.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
there's some situations like if
you have two functions of the same
name in the if else statement and
then you run it after
the if else statement.
Then it can get mixed up and
do things that you don't expect because
of the hoisting works in this case.
>> Speaker 3: Okay.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm.
So, you can do it but
you just have to be careful.
But just to be on the safe side, just
always do it this way, it's not gonna hurt
you it's just var, use one extra word
it's not gonna make a big difference.
So, okay.
So back to where we were.
Here's a name.
Then we also have a name here.
And then William, see any more names?
>> William: You just added
one called nameStaySame.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm,
what about any other ones?
>> William: I dont see any other ones.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: What about hide?
That's a name, right?
>> William: Yeah, yes.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Kim,
do you see any name?
>> Kim: On.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: On.
Absolutely.
On is a name.
And, Andy?
>> Andy: ForEach?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yep,
forEach is a function name.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Joe?
>> Joe: Log.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, log.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Let's see,
are we missing any?
There's one more.
It's kind of a trick question, though.
Anyone see it?
>> Kim: The dollar?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
yeah, a dollar sign.
So this jQuery dollar sign
is actually a function.
It's not a special syntax,
it's just a function.
So you can imagine that jQuery somewhere
in its library says var $ = function.
And then you know it returns like
a jQueryObject somewhere, right?
Oops.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: More like this.
So, some things that may
seems a little different,
they're actually following the same rules.
And I find that very comforting actually,
to know that.
That jQuery isn't doing something like
totally crazy that, I don't understand.